what a peaceful picture and the
Bees are busy again
happiness because we would be our environment and
our menu without the bees
appearance
Without the pollination by bees there would be
hardly any fruit vegetables wild plants
plant seeds the birds and smallest
to serve as source of food 80
percent of our crops are on
the pollination by bees instructed
without them our food would become
dramatically reduce the range and the
nature would impoverish scientists
beat alarm
There is a mass extinction of birds
amphibians and insects instead
It always gets quiet on our fields
more often studies suggest that
chemical pesticides
so-called pesticide essential
influence on this frightening
decline in biodiversity
Pesticides are toxic to them
The most detrimental are those that are developed
so-called neonicotinoids highly effective
Nerve toxins that also bumble bees
Kill butterflies and other insects
poisoning waters make amphibians
barren and accumulate in the
food chain
with sustainable dangerous consequences for
animal and human about 46,000 tons
highly toxic pesticides are being used each year
Only in Germany does this time sell
madness to stop
But like in Germany there are only 109
Checkers for pesticide use in
over 300,000 agricultural
We had to supervise the operation
thousands of checkers the
Track pesticides immediately
utopian priceless impossible no the
bees can save us we make them
to lock environment
a completely new procedure
Enables environmental information from
bees through a measuring station in the
register hive
in real time via the internet further
Lead a bee colony with thousands
can control flying environment 30
square kilometer monitor
the environmental spear is being developed
procedure by the neurobiologist
Professor Randolf Menzel von der Fau
Berlin
the ecological beekeeper association military iv
has now taken the initiative and
started a crowd funding action
so that the environmental spear measuring stations can participate
your help
initially ten bee colonies are said to be involved
the highly sensitive measuring technology
be equipped
long-term goal is one
Germany-wide network of independent
to build up environmental taxes
a measuring station costs 2350 euro
ten bee colonies with stations
to equip therefore 23.500 euro
Every little contribution comes together
helps to fill the pot
comes together more mellifera ev
even more for the protection of the bee
Mensch natur do at www.medi.de
slash environmentally spear can you
help fill the pot
every contribution counts